[Music]
this woman is called shauna
the husband went to the front line to
fight and has not returned
she would call her husband's name at the
dock with her baby in her arms every day
but the strange thing is every time the
villagers heard her shout
he'll close the door of their house
nervously in her constant calling
husband chow is back there are four
comrades in arms who came back with him
reunited after a long time shao was very
happy to see his wife and children
keep telling her how i miss her shao
settled his friends in a hut on the
other side of the river
long time no reunion the couple are very
happy but soon xiaowao discovered
something was wrong
go to the market to buy groceries with
your comrades those villagers who knew
themselves
seeing them all flee in fright xiao was
unknown so
until he came to the tavern the drunk
lady boss said to him
let him bend down and look at his wife
and children from under his crotch when
he gets home
you will find the problem it's just that
i haven't finished speaking yet
the sun suddenly came out to fix her the
comrades and arms gather for a drink at
night
when i drank it a few people talked
about things during the day
a comrade named ashen explained i heard
that by looking at people under the
crotch
you can tell that they are ghosts or
ghosts but others don't believe it at
all
and asked him to ask xiao to come and
drink together
ashen walked towards the house in fear
not only didn't find chow i also saw a
very long hand reaching to the ground to
check the ball
aston was terrified i ran back and told
my comrades about it
but the comrades in arms only thought he
was drunk and didn't believe it at all
four friends come to help osho the
stairs on the second day
four eyes suddenly thought of asan's
words last night he tried to bend down
and look at shauna from under his crotch
but didn't see anything unusual but then
he encountered a terrible thing
he went to the toilet in the woods as a
result a household body was accidentally
discovered
the corpse wears a ring on the hand he
was suddenly terrified
because the ring on chana's hand is
exactly the same as this one
it seems that everything has an answer
he quickly put on his pants and ran back
i accidentally hit mafungo when he comes
home
has been patted with a black nose and a
swollen face can't speak at all
he quickly got paper and pen write down
the three words
xiao na as a ghost it started to rain at
this time
xiao came over and told everyone to come
in to shelter from the rain
my comrades know that xiao na is a ghost
where dared to enter
shao saw what everyone was hiding grab
the note
little o was shocked when he saw the
note he is going to ask his wife
upon seeing this the comrades hurried
back to the hut pack your things and
prepare to run
at this time they saw xiao is holding
shao na and i
am this is not right shao wow is so
spooky
if you know your wife is a ghost it must
not be this reaction
only then did they discover that the
paper was soaked by rain
the words above became shao na's sore
at the moment xiao was immersed in not
caring enough about his wife's
self-blame and guilt
looking at chao who was confused by his
wife the comrades decided to rescue him
after all they can come back from the
battlefield thanks to shao trying to
protect them
so they decided to tell xiao the truth
but because the wife has been around
they can't talk face to face at this
moment the tavern lady son ran over
because the boss tried to tell xiao the
truth about shauna
so i was killed by shauna a few people
immediately dispelled the idea
then i swallowed it again so i figured
out a way to take him away first
when they took advantage of shao to take
shaona to the haunted house to play
knock him out but ao started to bleed
halfway
he was injured on the battlefield and
has not healed
old injury recurred seeing xiao who
keeps bleeding
i remember that he had looked at it from
under the crotch cortana is normal
it means she is still alive he saw that
the ring on the bone was on his left
hand that day
xiaona wears her right hand and chow
also has the same ring
is he the ghost to verify this guess
four eyes immediately took out a handful
of glutinous rice and sprinkled it over
little o suddenly screamed the comrades
ran away when they saw this
i wanted to leave but thought of
shauna's orphan and widow
decided to take her and escape but the
boat was seriously overloaded and began
to flood
they can only start throwing things i
didn't expect to throw away the oars
it's good that they are trapped in the
middle of the river at this time
shao also chased up and swam towards
them everyone hurriedly paddled with
both hands
but the hull doesn't move at this time
xiaohao suddenly sank into the water
looks like drowning this scene shocked a
few people
how could a ghost drown shao na is not a
ghost
xiao is not a ghost who owns the corpse
in the woods
just when a few people were puzzled a
ring of the same style suddenly fell out
of the mustache
is he the ghost everyone was so scared
that they kicked him into the water
and then desperately paddling but the
boat can't leave without the oars
at this moment xiaona handed over the
ship price floating in the distance
i'm dumbfounded by four eyes how did she
get the ship award
he has a cold back stand up and bend
down
look back from under the crotch finally
shauna's true face
turns out she is the ghost and the
mustache with the ring hidden
but because of greed i secretly took the
ring from the corpse
everyone who knew the truth jumped off
the boat in terror they ran to a temple
to seek help from a mage the mage
arranged in enchantment in the hall
shaona no longer hides the fact that she
is a ghost chased after him swaggeringly
the mage picked up the holy water wine
to shout off shao na couldn't get close
to them for a while
seeing xiao na's painful appearance xiao
feels distressed
kick the wizard out of the enchantment
with one kick i don't know if the master
would do this trick
seeing that the situation is out of
control turn the window and escaped
under the control of shauna all doors
and windows are closed
the candles in the room started to
flicker shao na hangs upside down on the
beam
asking why they want to separate her and
chow out a few people were frightened
and hid in the corner shivering
in fact xiao na was already dead when
she had a dystocia
it's just because i can't let go of shao
that i haven't left
and xiao has long discovered that his
wife is dead also because of reluctance
he chose to continue living with his
ghost wife although he is afraid of
ghosts
but more afraid of losing his wife the
comrades in arms were also moved by
their love
don't be afraid of cortana they have
lived happily ever since
from ancient times to the present the
only vulgar but not bad topic is love
how ghosts are people many times the
real fear
but the love is not deep enough not true
enough as long as you love each other
deeply there are many difficulties
you will get what you want okay that's
all for today's story
like friends remember to like and follow
see you next time